Add connector app documentation (#989)
unionai/docs: content/integrations/_index.md

### Example: Batch job connector

The following example implements a connector that simulates submitting and polling an external batch job. Replace the mock logic with real API calls for your use case.

**Connector** (`my_connector/connector.py`):

{{< code file="/unionai-examples/v2/integrations/connectors/batch_job/connector.py" lang=python >}}

**Task plugin** (`my_connector/task.py`):

{{< code file="/unionai-examples/v2/integrations/connectors/batch_job/task.py" lang=python >}}

**Usage**:

```python
import flyte
from my_connector.task import BatchJobConfig, BatchJobTask

batch_job = BatchJobTask(
    name="my_batch_job",
    plugin_config=BatchJobConfig(timeout_seconds=60),
    inputs={"name": str},
    outputs={"result": str},
)

flyte.TaskEnvironment.from_task("batch-job-env", batch_job)
```

### Connector-level secrets

If your connector needs credentials (API keys, tokens) shared across all tasks, pass them as environment variables into the connector process.

{{< variant union >}}
{{< markdown >}}

> On Union, add secrets to `ConnectorEnvironment`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add secrets to `ConnectorEnvironment`:
```

```python
connector = flyte.app.ConnectorEnvironment(
    name="batch-job-connector",
    image=image,
    include=["my_connector"],
    secrets=[flyte.Secret(key="MY_API_KEY")],
)
```
{{< /markdown >}}
{{< /variant >}}

{{< variant flyte >}}
{{< markdown >}}

> On OSS Flyte, set environment variables on the connector Kubernetes deployment:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set environment variables on the connector Kubernetes deployment:
```

```bash
kubectl set env deployment/<connector-deployment> MY_API_KEY=<value> -n <flyte-namespace>
```
{{< /markdown >}}
{{< /variant >}}

Inside the connector, read the secret from the environment:

```python
import os

api_key = os.environ["MY_API_KEY"]
```

See [Secrets](../user-guide/task-configuration/secrets) for how to store and manage secrets.

### Deploy a custom connector

{{< variant union >}}
{{< markdown >}}

> On Union, deploy your connector as a long-running service using `flyte.app.ConnectorEnvironment`. Union handles building the image, pushing it, and keeping the service running — no manual Kubernetes configuration required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deploy your connector as a long-running service using `flyte.app.ConnectorEnvironment`. Union handles building the image, pushing it, and keeping the service running — no manual Kubernetes configuration required.
```

See the **Connector app** guide (`user-guide/build-apps/connector-app`) for a complete walkthrough.
{{< /markdown >}}
{{< /variant >}}

{{< variant flyte >}}
{{< markdown >}}

> On OSS Flyte, deploying a connector requires two steps: building a Docker image that contains your connector code, then patching the connector Kubernetes deployment to use it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deploying a connector requires two steps: building a Docker image that contains your connector code and then patching the connector Kubernetes deployment to use it.
```
